Planning board for next implementation pass.
Non-complex items are split into phases, with target files and acceptance checks.
Do not attempt items marked [Complex].
---
1. Db view fixes
    1.1 tags in db columns should have their text wrapping. their column should always be the width of the longest tag. tag widths should be therefore truncated at 30
    1.2 allow resizing of columns in db views.
    1.3 expose buttons atop each column to copy the values in that column joined by \n 
    1.4 drag and drop of filter tiles from root and into an or node doesn't work, check what's wrong, document the bug for me, and fix it.
    1.5 filter bar still uses text for a variety of types. 
        -> the value cell in the filter bar used to create filters should function exactly as a table cell does based on its type. so tags are edited using a list of checkbox items. true/false checkbox types are edited using checkboxes. etc.
        -> dates should have the date webview open to the side.
    1.6 the default view though loaded isn't set in the select for dbviews. the select needs to be set
    1.7 dbview must expose a copy view button that copies a csv of the currently active view.
2. ✅ remove breadcrumbs from status bar. vscode already provides breadcrumbs.
3. new status bar toggle button: linelock
    default off
    when it is turned on, on pressing a newline, the vscode editor window should scroll up bythe same height as a newline to ensure the current cursor position height is unchanged across newline entries. same for up/down cursor nav. 
    say the cursor was at the 9th visible line in the editor when the line lock was turned on.
    say that original position was in document line 20.
    user presses enter ->scroll editor window up by one line height.
    user navigates up/down -> scroll editor window up/down by corresponding line height.
    VSCode shouldexpose a good api for this, do not handroll the scroll offsets.
4. linting doesn't work for list items if the text runs multiple lines. fix the lintingissue.
5. codeblock allows entering h1/h2/h3 inside it. this is wrong. do an analysis of semantically invalid insertions that are allowed then plan on extending the cmdfilter infra to filter these invalid combinations out.